Okay, I wanted to put this here. It is basicly my thoughts on the framework and why I made it. I think it is important to write this down so that *if* anyone might join me they know what to keep in mind then they look at it.

=Vision=
My idea is to have a CMS for simple websites with the main audience the Web-designer rather then the end user. This is because I know that it will mainly be me working with it and therefore it should be build for me (Designer/programmer) and my needs. If it would match the needs of anyone else, that is a nice side-effect of course :).

The vision is to have a CMS that is build up out of smaller components, each giving special functionality while still being very simple. Each component will bring it's own parts and must be as much self-sufficient as possible(, though duplicate code is not very desirable).
Components must be simple in a functional and a code sense, they should define the actions you need to preform and they should have the link to the database.

Furthermore each component should be accessible from an external interface, this is because applications in flash should be able to access. This will be done by a RESTful-ish kind of way. Each website can have a url (also referred to as proxy) that will give access to the data, though with authentication if needed.

Finally, the framework is wrapped around the smarty template engine. That means it started as a wrapper around smarty to fetch templates from the database ([http://code.google.com/p/awsomecms/source/browse/trunk/core/class.SmartyPageLoader.inc class.SmartyPageLoader.inc] is, in a more older form, the heart of it all).

=Component Setup=
For the components the idea is that each component is a 'collection' of actions that interact with one or more Tables. Each action is usually linked to a form and hence require a record (data from the form) to be passed.

Interaction with the tables (and thus the database) is done through Table objects. These are essentially the CRUD actions of each component.
Before version 0.4 these were called Requests and represented the very basic actions on the table. With 0.4 a Table model is introduced that reduces the work needed to be done to interact with the database. For very small components, this can be only a definition of the fields and pages.

==v0.3, Requests==
Originality the idea was to make make a separation between logic and the interaction with the database. The Component, which contains the logic, and the Request, which contained the SQL queries. This was chosen because of the external interface, which was initially only intended for retrieving data. So no validation was needed.

==v0.4, Tables==
With 0.4 the Requests were replaced with Tables. The reason for this is to more easily create the basic CRUD forms for each component. When creating new components I came to the conclusion that all the forms were relativity the save or had very similar HTML. So with the use of the table structure forms can be generated by the meta structure since we now know what what each field is.